!define TEST_SYSTEM {fit}
!path ..\src\main\java\

! Items to add on Auction
The test cases regards the AT addItem. Five items are used. They have the following properties:
- category Id: String, max.15 chars
- bid increment: positive Integer, multiple of 10, min. 20€
- item's description: String, min.15 max.50 chars
- Expected Result: String, Success or Failure.

!| com.example.FixtureAddItemTest 		         |
| categoryID | bidIncrement | description        | result?  |
| WEARABLE   | 20           | Last-model of shoes| Success  |
| FOOD       | 30           | Creamy cheeseburger| Success  |
| WEARABLE   | 40           | Stylish sunglasses | Success  |
| WEARABLE   | 25           | Huawei smartwatch  | Success  |
| FLORA      | 15           | cactus             | Failure  |

The second item regards the Food category, while the first, third, and fourth items regard the category Wearable.
They have Success as Expected Result, since the respect the bid increment, the item's description's length, and the category id length.
the fifth result is Failure, since the bid increment has to start from 20, and it has 15.

!Process placed Bid
The test cases regard the AT addBid. Four items are used. They have following properties:
- auctionID: long
- last_bidded_price (€): positive Integer
- bid increment: positive Integer, multiple of 10, min. 20€
- result: String, Success or Failure

!| com.example.FixtureAddBidTest	|
| auctionID | last_bidded_price     | bidIncrement       	| result?        	|
| 1			| 50					| 20			   		| Success			|
| 2			| 50 					| -1 			   		| Failure			|
| -1		| -100					| 100					| Failure			|
| 4 		| 100					| 19					| Failure			|

The first item regards the ID of the current Auction, the second item is the last bidded price on the item,
while the third item is the increment of the bid, so just the placed bid.
The Tests should fail when the increment of bid is a negative number and when it's under 20€. Additionally, if other items are incorrect it should also fails.

! Items to modify
The test cases regards the AT modifyItem. Five items are used. They have the same properties as addItem:
- category Id: String, max.15 chars
- bid increment: positive Integer, multiple of 10, min. 20€
- item's description: String, min.15 max.50 chars
- Expected Result: String, Success or Failure.

!| com.example.FixtureModifyItemTest 		     |
| categoryID | bidIncrement | description        | result?  |
| WEARABLE   | 20           | Last-model of shoes| Success  |
| WEARABLE   | 30           | Creamy cheeseburger| Success  |
| WEARABLE   | -40          | Stylish sunglasses | Failure  |
| WEARABLE   | 25           | Huawei smartwatch  | Success  |
| FLORA      | 15           | cactus             | Failure  |



!Place a Bid
In the first colums there are the auctionIDs of the auctions in which we want to place a bid.
The auctionID has to be a positive integer. In the second column there are the increment, they have to be
positive integer, greater or equel to 20, and multiple of 10.

!| com.example.FixturePlaceBid 		   |
| auctionID  | bidIncrement | result?  |
| 1          | 20           | Success  |
| 2          | 30           | Success  |
| 0          | 40           | Success  |
| -1         | 25           | Success  |
| 4          | 15           | Failure  |